Document internationalization files in WebExtension anatomy (#42683)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/anatomy_of_a_webextension/index.md

  - : JavaScript included with your extension, that you will inject into web pages.
- [Web-accessible resources](#web_accessible_resources)
  - : Make packaged content accessible to web pages and content scripts.

>   - `_locales/`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Internationalization files](#internationalization_files)
```

See [Extension pages](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/user_interface/Extension_pages) to learn more.

## Internationalization files

WebExtensions support internationalization using the `_locales/` directory.
This directory contains locale-specific JSON files that define translated strings,

> which can be referenced from `manifest.json` and extension scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WebExtensions support internationalization using the `_locales/` directory. This directory contains locale-specific JSON files that define translated strings. The translated strings can be referenced from the `manifest.json` file,  extension CSS files, and extension scripts.
```
